hello next video and promise
glasses and I got myself this
elegant women's dress and now
I want to tell you about it at once
to say that I was pleased with this
purchase except for some important
moments if you pay attention then
seller on the site this dress
presented in slightly different shades
that shade is darker and more
remind some kind of coral and me
here come here is such a light light
pink shade second equally important
the moment is something inside that paid
additionally lining fabric which
the idea is to protect your body from
underwear gaps
but you have already noticed that even
my fingers are shining from this
lining fabric
so if you are afraid that underwear
strong enough will shine through then
advise you to refrain from buying because
what I like to order this dress only
in order to let summer go on
the beach so how would I especially on this
I'm not worried about it and I will wear for example
underwear to match this dress and
last before you commit
purchase
I advise you to consult with
seller about the size because i
read reviews many write about what
either comes very small either
big size comes this of course
it all depends on your type of figure
but I was advised and in the end I ordered
and immediately
on the grid the largest size which
there was
but in general the dress is very enough
nice and made it out of such
material known to all is guipure and he
stretches back stretch as if she
It looks like this
already had time to notice here there is such
you are a secret lightning
sleeves three quarter of the day by the way
there is no very lining fabric
It looks nice as I still have it
The dress was liked by the fact that she
practically not wrinkled
she lay with me at all crumpled in
boxes and as you see here i am now it
hung on a mannequin and she is a little bit
only heared below him
You can freely take any
the trip
for example on the sea that is got
suitcase dressed and went further in general it
from me an important plus
inserted for this leads and such is mine
Today was a video if you liked
then put the boys not
Aksha all the clouds I'll leave you
subscribe to my channel ahead yet
a lot and
video and see you soon bye bye